all right everybody I am back finally
I've been seeing a lot of videos about
counterfeit instruments in China and
people comparing the two and I live in
China so I would I I just wanted to show
you guys this kind of firsthand this is
my um this is my court x6 this is a this
is a genuine x6 made by court it has the
Blues buckers in it and on the back of
the neck here is the the making my
camera doesn't focus well is the court
serial number and everything so this is
a this is a legitimate instrument this
wasn't really what I would call real
expensive but it is it wasn't cheap
so over here though what I want to show
you now is the is the the local the
Chinese made basically copy of this and
that is over here you put them side by
side here so looking at the two together
at first glance it might be a little bit
hard to tell but I've actually looked
these long enough to find out
you know the differences maybe you can
spot them right away they both have
licensed Floyd Rose bridges the quartz
is a locking 3 which is supposed to be a
little bit better than the rest of the
license Floyd Rose guitars the Floyd
Rose on this one is is not really good I
had to repair it or it had to be
repaired but now that it's working it's
not bad I also have 11s on this guitar I
wanted to try out thick strings with the
Floyd Rose so this this guitar is strong
with 11th this court is strong with
nines and I would have to say that
without the high tension Springs
you know thick strings on a Floyd Rose
guitar maybe aren't a good idea one
thing I want you to notice is that over
here you can't see them but this guitar
as cheap as it is came with Mighty Mite
pickups this guitar the court has the
Blues buckers in it which are actually
really nice for stock pickups
now one thing I will say is that both of
these guitars have push-pull taps right
so you could basically turn them into
Stratocasters but the court the courts
not wired the way it says it is on the
website and I'm not sure if that's a
factory problem or if the websites just
wrong basically this guitar even with
the tap pulled out is always humbucker
single single or with the tap in
humbucker single humbucker but according
to the website with the tap out it
should be single single single not hum
single single so there's some type of
discrepancy there's a problem
this guitar though is wired that way
basically with that tap up it's it's
humbuckers and one single coil with the
tap down it's backwards for some reason
I'm not sure why probably a factory
thing with the tap down
it's a Stratocaster basically now you
might also notice that the on the x6 is
body the gouges the grooves are a lot
deeper than on this one right and and
the groove on the edge on the x6 seems
to be a little bit more subtle than here
on the glory this is a guitar made by a
company called glory by the way same
electronics volume tone coil tap 5 way
switch now up here at the headstock
there's a little notch that's missing
right now it's also over here on this
one but you can tell that they're just
not the same
there's also I mean you pick this guitar
up and it it's about you know eight
pounds it's pretty it's pretty heavy
right this one also has a retainer on it
right here
notice this one does not a retainer bar
jumbo frets right but picking this
guitar up it's it's it's about it's at
least a pound lighter and the neck on
this one look at that the neck like a
two-by-four on this one this is really
not that thick compared to my you know
compared to my Les Paul over here but
look at this this is a much thinner much
more playable much more shred worthy
neck anyhow that's a little comparison
and it doesn't make any sense because
this guitar is made in Indonesia
Indonesian made guitars are good court
also makes the gem the Ibanez gem three
three threes for Asia the Asian market
which are also pretty good this guitar
is functional it does the job it's not
set up well it's not as comfortable to
play it might with beefs with these
pickups though it might sound just a
little bit better
sometimes pickup wise but because the
body's not the same wood it doesn't
sound the same if I plug into my our p90
and try this guitar settings it just
doesn't sound good but if I set things
up just for this guitar it's not bad
anyway that's just a very short
comparison maybe I'll do a sound
comparison sometime
anyway that's that